Admonition for concurrent nodes. (#7003)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/pipelines/looping-strategies/looping-strategies-matrix-repeat-and-parallelism.md

:::

:::warning

> Regardless of your strategy, due to system limitations, the max number of stages you can run in parallel is 256.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Regardless of your strategy, the maximum number of stages you can run in parallel is 256.
```
